well brother who is getting ready to get out of high school in Colorado
springs he wanted over should go to college he was a very very bright
young man very smart so I thought what he can get into some really
good colleges unfortunately my parents couldn't afford to send into
the good private colleges and he didn't particularly want to get
a whole lot of student data I enjoy the military so much I talked to
him and I said why don't you apply to a really good school and see
if they've got a naval ROTC program because the navy will pay for your
education and give you some spending money on the side so he went
and applied for naval ROTC scholarship at Duke University in North
Carolina I do because frequently rated it's amongst the top ten schools
in the country so that was a very good way for him to get good training
and he was in the navy for twelve years and probably would still
be in the navy but his wife told would you go to see one more time
and I won't be here when you come home so we got all the navy got
a PhD and went to work for IBM